you become a better team member by continually being part of a team not
being afraid to be a part of a team and not seeing the team as a group
of individuals, and you're all working towards the same goal. Oftentimes,
one of one of the problems that I always had was like, you
know, I didn't get in a group, that we were supposed to be working
together, and I feel the need to potentially established own, you know,
my my own. Ah, uh, perhaps not dominance. But you know, my position
of authority amongst that group, whether they were appears their
subordinates, um, is important to realize that that's not necessary.
You know, your your strengths will come out in the wash. Yeah, as
you as you guys start getting through, whatever task you're trying
to accomplish, people will notice your strengths. You need to be assertive
and what you can and can't do. But there doesn't need to be a
situation where you're simply demanding that you be in charge of any
one particular thing because you think you're the best at it is that
very well may not be the case